[INTERNAL] GettingStarted: Update minimum node version, Workspace: Add details, Migrate v3: Describe CLI changes (#759)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/Workspace.md

# UI5 Workspaces

!!! info

>     **UI5 Workspaces is a new feature only available since UI5 CLI [`v3.0.0`](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-cli/releases/tag/v3.0.0)** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **UI5 Workspaces is a new feature available since UI5 CLI [`v3.0.0`](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-cli/releases/tag/v3.0.0)** 
```

If a workspace configuration named `default` exists, it will be used automatically; otherwise the workspace must be specified using the UI5 CLI parameter `--workspace`.

> Workspaces can only be used in the project that is currently being worked on, i.e. the current root project. Workspace configurations of dependencies are ignored. The workspace file however, does not necessary have to be located within the project. You can reference any workspace configuration file using the UI5 CLI parameter `--workspace-config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspaces can only be used in the project that is currently being worked on, i.e. the current root project. Workspace configurations of dependencies are ignored. The workspace file, however, does not necessarily have to be located within the project. You can reference any workspace configuration file via the UI5 CLI parameter `--workspace-config`.
```
